ignorant sand apathy of the American
public who didn't understand that they
were changed there in the first place so
we have a model at least we have to
establish certain principles when we set
our own program in motion and they will
be negative principles we must have a
creed of freedom a set of rules a set of
chains that will bind not only our
politicians in the future but those of
us who are in freedom force as well and
that led me altom Utley to the necessity
to create something called the Creed of
freedom now the creative freedom is the
ideological compass that guides all of
our members it's not like a political
platform it's not a series of issues
like we should be opposed to illegal
immigration or we should we should be
for Social Security or what a bunch of
issues no these are principles these are
principles that are eternal and if we
understand those principles then we can
use them as a template to evaluate all
of the issues that come with either
today tomorrow or a hundred years from
now they either pass the principles or
they're defeated by the principles so
the idea is to focus on principles not
issues and certainly not on
personalities now I can't claim real
credit for this everything I'm going to
read to you you'll recognize many of
these thoughts come from the great
thinkers of the past my role primarily
has been to read the literature to try
and figure out what it means to get it
organized to condense it down and get it
all in one piece of paper it was really
pretty easy it only took me 42 years to
do it well I didn't work on it
constantly but it took a long time so
here it is the Creed of freedom I
believe that only individuals have
rights not the collective group that
these rights are intrinsic to each
individual not granted by the state or
if the state has the power to grant them
it also has the power to deny them and
that is incompatible with personal
liberty I believe that a just government
derives its power solely from the
government therefore the state must
never presume to do anything beyond what
individual citizens also have the right
to do otherwise the state is a power
unto itself and becomes the master
instead of the servant of society I
believe that one of the greatest threats
to freedom is to allow any group no
matter its numeric superiority to deny
the rights of the minority and that one
of the primary functions of just
government is to protect each individual
from the greed and passion of the
majority
I believe that desirable social and
economic objectives are better achieved
by voluntary action than by coercion of
law I believe that social tranquility
and brotherhood are better achieved by
tolerance persuasion and the power of
good example than by coercion of law I
believe that those in need are better
served by charity which is the giving of
one's own money than by welfare which is
the giving of other people's money
through coercion of law I believe that
all citizens should be equal under law
regardless of their national origin race
religion gender education economic
status lifestyle or political opinion
likewise no class should be given
preferential treatment regardless of the
merit or popularity of its cause to
favor one class over another is not
equality under law I believe that the
proper role of government is negative
not positive
defensive not aggressive it is to
protect not to provide for if the state
has granted the power to provide for
some it must also be able to take from
others and once that power is granted
there are those who will seek it for
their advantage it always leads to
legalized plunder and
loss of freedom if government is
powerful enough to give us everything we
want it is also powerful enough to take
from us everything we have therefore the
proper function of government is to
protect the lives liberty and property
of its citizens nothing more that
government is best which governs least
and that is the creed of freedom